add extension showcase to readme and docs (#1878)
chanzuckerberg/cellxgene: docs/posts/extensions.md

displays an index of available h5ad (anndata) files. When a user clicks on a file name, it launches a Cellxgene Server 
instance that loads that particular data file and once it is available proxies requests to that server.

#### cellxgene-VIP

[cellxgene-VIP](https://github.com/interactivereport/cellxgene_VIP) allows execution of scanpy or R plotting functions 
via the "visualization in plugin" system to generate figures for publications. 

#### Galaxy

[Galaxy](https://singlecell.usegalaxy.eu/) is an open source, web-based platform for data intensive biomedical research. cellxgene can be accessed within Galaxy to view analyzed datasets. 
See also the relevant [publication](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.06.06.137570v1.full.pdf) 

#### Single Cell Portal

The [Single Cell Portal](https://singlecell.broadinstitute.org/single_cell) is a data hosting and visualization service. cellxgene can be embedded as an additional view to complement the visualizations provided by the. 
[Example](https://singlecell.broadinstitute.org/single_cell/study/SCP807/atlas-of-healthy-and-shiv-infected-non-human-primate-lung-and-ileum-ace2-cells). 

> #### FASTGenomics
> [FASTGenomics](https://www.fastgenomics.org/) is a collaborative research platform that offers easy-to-use data management and analytics to drive single-cell research forward. cellxgene has been embedded in, and can be used to view datasets processed via . 
> See also this 
> [Example](https://beta.fastgenomics.org/datasets/detail-dataset-952687f71ef34322a850553c4a24e82e#Cellxgene), 
> Note that account creation is required. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[FASTGenomics](https://beta.fastgenomics.org/) is a collaborative research platform that offers easy-to-use data management and reproducible analytics to drive single-cell research forward. Many of the publicly available datasets in FASTGenomics - as well as your private datasets - can be interactively explored with cellxgene. 
See also this [example](https://beta.fastgenomics.org/datasets/detail-dataset-952687f71ef34322a850553c4a24e82e#Cellxgene) for data from [Schulte-Schrepping et al. (Cell, 2020)](https://beta.fastgenomics.org/p/schulte-schrepping_covid19). 
Note that it is not necessary to create an account, anonymous login is permitted.
```
